# Falco Infra Admins

This document defines the roles and responsibilities of the Falco Infra Admins.

## Terms & Definitions

- 'the systems' -  an umbrella term refering to the collection of infrastructure and software as a service tools used by the Falco maintainers to develop, build, test, release, and distribute Falco.
- Falco maintainers - the group of people listed in the OWNERS file in falcosecurity/test-infra
- CNCF - The Cloud Native Computing Foundation
- LF - The Linux Foundation

## Motivation

As part of modern open development, the Falco project is dependent on a considerable amount of development infrastructure. CI systems, code hosting systems, community websites, self-run infrastructure, and cloud services are all examples. Whenever possible, the use of role based access control is used to give the correct people access to the correct services, however in many cases a service account is used with a shared username and password. The group needing access and the number of systems to access are both growing and putting some policies in place will help the community scale effectively.

## Goals
- Define who is an "infra admin"
- Define the responsibilities of an "infra admin"


## Proposal

- Infra admins are the individuals listed in the OWNERS file of falcosecurity/test-infra.
  - Since Sept 2022, as per our governance, also [Core Maintainers](https://github.com/falcosecurity/evolution/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md#core-maintainers) can eventually administer any assets or services owned or assigned to the project, including all infra resources.
- All systems involved in the development of Falco need to be managed by the infra admins.
- The infra admins team will set up a process and tooling for secrets management. All secrets (passwords, tokens, etc) will be kept in this management system.
- The infra admin team is responsible for responding to system outages, security incidents, and other responsibilities common to any IT support role.
- Whenever possible, the infra admins should apply the same principles of open development and open governance to the management of the systems. This is sometimes referred to as "Open Infrastructure."
- While not required, admins are encouraged to use code and tooling to declaratively define  and update the state of the systems. This technique is sometimes referred to as "GitOps." Ideally, systems will be maintained by the systems themselves, with changes going through public code review and manual changes kept to a minimum.
- All "ownership" that Falco maintains is inherited from the CNCF, therefore the relevant CNCF and LF teams should be consulted if there is any confusion.
